Add support for properties in COM source generator (#128869)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/libraries/ComInterfaceGenerator/Compatibility.md

### Indexers

C# indexers are supported alongside properties starting with .NET 11. Each accessor maps to its own vtable slot in source order, just like a property; the `[IndexerName]` attribute is honored and propagated through derived-interface shadows; and indexer overloads distinguished by index-parameter type are allowed. See the [Indexers](./Properties.md#indexers) section of Properties.md for the full design.

### Default-implemented members (DIM)

A method or property accessor with a user-supplied body on a `[GeneratedComInterface]` interface is now treated as a default-implemented member: it ships as managed-only sugar and is **not** assigned a vtable slot. This is the supported way to wrap a pair of ABI methods with a managed property abstraction, or to add helper methods that the wire ABI does not need to know about.

A property must have all accessors abstract or all accessors bodied — mixing the two is an error (`SYSLIB1091`). `[MarshalUsing]` and `[MarshalAs]` on a default-implemented member emit a warning (`SYSLIB1091`) because they have no ABI effect.

### `new` modifier on members

> The earlier release note that `[GeneratedComInterface]` "disallows declaring any methods with the `new` modifier" is no longer accurate. Both methods and properties may now be declared with `new` to explicitly shadow an inherited base member; the shadowing member receives a fresh vtable slot appended after the base interface's slots, and the base member's slot continues to dispatch to its original target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier releases, `[GeneratedComInterface]` disallowed declaring any methods with the `new` modifier. This is no longer the case. Both methods and properties may now be declared with `new` to explicitly shadow an inherited base member; the shadowing member receives a fresh vtable slot appended after the base interface's slots, and the base member's slot continues to dispatch to its original target.
```
